You, Carl Boss, walks into the Bata’s elevator. Darkness is all around you. You look for the light switch, but you accidentally press the wrong button and start to go up. But you turned the lights on!
1.	You want to get into Bata’s safe with the new glorious shoe. You look through Bata’s office and find a photo of his dead brother, Thomas Bata. On its back is +12.7.1932, the day of Thomas death, and also the code to the safe. You finally have the shoe, the one and only Crocs.
2.	Now you only need to get away, but the elevator door is stuck. You find a screwdriver and with it you open a trapdoor on the ceiling and play with some wires there.
3.	The door moves but only a little bit. You need to fix the door mechanism by correctly placing cogwheels.
4.	You are finally out of the elevator office, but more danger is ahead and Bata’s professional guards are waiting behind the next corner. You hide into a shaft and crawl into a service room with an electricity generator. You decide to turn it on to distract the guards. There are 5 buttons on the generator which need to be pressed in an exact order. If you press the correct button, it lights up, if you don’t all other will turn off. After you manage to get it running, you need to quickly hide back into the shaft before the guards come to check what’s going on. You crawl back into the hallways and easily walk through the unguarded door while the guards are investigating the generator.
5.	You come to the paternoster elevator. It is turned off during the night. To turn it on, you need to solve a riddle with 5 switches. Each switch toggles some lights (if they are already on, it turns them off and vice versa). You must find a combination where all the lights are on.
6.	You get into the elevator, but someone suddenly turns it off during your ride. You need to make it to the stairs, but more guards are watching it. On a janitor cart nearby, you find janitor clothes, which you use to slip past the guards. But then you find out the door requires a code.
7.	You decide to provoke and make fun of the guard so much, that he shows you the password, to prove that he isn’t an idiot and didn’t forget it. The code is 1938, the year when the building of the Bata’s skyscraper was finished.
8.	You finally reach the main door. But they are locked. You have two options:
8.1	Go to the gatekeeper and ask him to open the door. But he is solving a Sudoku right now and replies “Yeah just let me finish it.” He’s really bad at it though, so you need to finish it for him. He then opens the door for you.
8.2	Find a side entrance. There’s a number pad for code and the note “Only the chosen ones have the answer beneath their feet.” The answer is the shoe size, which is written on its bottom.
9.	If you use the main entrance to get out, there’s police waiting outside and a curious reporter stops you and starts to ask you questions. You need to answer very carefully not to raise suspicion. There are (4) options what to answer, but only some of them are correct. (The questions sort of like: “What’s in that box?”, “What do you do here?”, “You work for Bata”, etc.)

Note 1: This will be a typical pipe game, but with wires instead of pipes.
